Welcome to Video Triage, a service of Keypoint Forensics LLC ("Keypoint 
Forensics," "we," or "us"). This dialog explains the terms by which you may use 
our online and/or web site, APIs, models and software provided on or in 
connection with the service (collectively, the "Service"). By accessing or 
using the Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be 
bound by this Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") and to the collection and 
use of your information as set forth in the Keypoint Forensics Privacy Policy, 
whether or not you are a registered user of our Service. Keypoint Forensics 
reserves the right to make unilateral modifications to these terms and will 
provide notice of these changes as described below. This Agreement applies to 
all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users").

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND EACH 
PROVISION. THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A MANDATORY INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS 
ACTION/JURY TRIAL WAIVER PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN 
INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS.

1. Use of Our Service

Keypoint Forensics provides advanced artificial intelligence algorithms and 
tools for processing and understanding video and other digitized data.

A. Eligibility

You may use the Service only if you can form a binding contract with Keypoint 
Forensics, and only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable local, 
state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. Any use or 
access to the Service by anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited and in 
violation of this Agreement. The Service is not available to any Users 
previously removed from the Service by Keypoint Forensics.

B. Keypoint Forensics Service

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a 
non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the 
Service for your personal, noncommercial use only and as permitted by the 
features of the Services. Keypoint Forensics reserves all rights not expressly 
granted herein in the Service and the Keypoint Forensics Content (as defined 
below). Keypoint Forensics may terminate this license at any time for any 
reason or no reason.

C. Keypoint Forensics Accounts

Your Keypoint Forensics account gives you access to the services and 
functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our 
sole discretion. We may maintain different types of accounts for different 
types of Users. If you open a Keypoint Forensics account on behalf of a 
company, organization, or other entity, then (a) "you" includes you and that 
entity, and (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized 
representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to this 
Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the entity’s behalf. By 
connecting to Keypoint Forensics with a third-party service, you give us 
permission to access and use your information from that service as permitted by 
that service, and to store your log-in credentials for that service.

You may never use another User’s account without permission. When creating your 
account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely 
responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep 
your account password secure. We encourage you to use "strong" passwords 
(passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and 
symbols) with your account. You must notify Keypoint Forensics immediately of 
any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Keypoint Forensics 
will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your 
account.

You may control your User profile and how you interact with the Service by 
changing the settings in your Profile Page. By providing Keypoint Forensics 
your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you 
Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of 
communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you 
other messages, such as changes to features of the Service and special offers. 
If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change 
your preferences in your Profile Page. Opting out may prevent you from 
receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.

D. Service Rules

You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) 
copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Service in any medium, 
including without limitation by any automated or non-automated "scraping"; (ii) 
using any automated system, including without limitation "robots," "spiders," 
"offline readers," etc., to access the Service in a manner that sends more 
request messages to the Keypoint Forensics servers than a human can reasonably 
produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser 
(except that Keypoint Forensics grants the operators of public search engines 
revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from 
keypointforensics.blogspot.com for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent 
necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, 
but not caches or archives of such materials); (iii) transmitting spam, chain 
letters, or other unsolicited email; (iv) attempting to interfere with, 
compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or 
from the servers running the Service; (v) taking any action that imposes, or 
may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large 
load on our infrastructure; (vi) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or 
other software agents through the Service; (vii) collecting or harvesting any 
personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service; 
(viii) using the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes; (ix) 
impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with 
a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your 
identity; (x) interfering with the proper working of the Service; (xi) 
accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than 
those provided or authorized by the Service; or (xii) bypassing the measures we 
may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without 
limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or 
enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.

We may, without prior notice, change the Service; stop providing the Service or 
features of the Service, to you or to users generally; or create usage limits 
for the Service. We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your 
access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason, including if 
in our sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, or for 
no reason. Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be 
bound by this Agreement.

You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Keypoint Forensics 
Users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes 
between you and other Users. Keypoint Forensics shall have no liability for 
your interactions with other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction.

2. User Content

Some areas of the Service allow Users to submit or post content such as profile 
information, comments, images, video, questions, and other content or 
information (any such materials a User submits, posts, displays, transmits or 
otherwise makes available on the Service, or to Keypoint Forensics, "User 
Content"). We claim no ownership rights over User Content created by you. The 
User Content you create remains yours; however, by sharing User Content through 
the Service, you agree to allow others to view, edit, and/or share your User 
Content in accordance with your settings and this Agreement. Keypoint Forensics 
has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to remove any 
User Content that is shared via the Service.

You agree not to submit or post User Content that: (i) may create a risk of 
harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, 
disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person, or to 
any animal; (ii) may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any person or 
property; (iii) seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them to 
inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or otherwise; 
(iv) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort; (v) contains any 
information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially 
or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy 
or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or 
otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, or otherwise objectionable; (vi) 
contains any information or content that is illegal (including, without 
limitation, the disclosure of insider information under securities law or of 
another party’s trade secrets); (vii) contains any information or content that 
you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or 
fiduciary relationships; or (viii) contains any information or content that you 
know is not correct and current or (ix) violates any school or other applicable 
policy, including those related to cheating or ethics. You agree that any User 
Content that you post does not and will not violate third-party rights of any 
kind, including without limitation any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined 
below) or rights of privacy. To the extent that your User Content contains 
music, you hereby represent that you are the owner of all the copyright rights, 
including without limitation the performance, mechanical, and sound recordings 
rights, with respect to each and every musical composition (including lyrics) 
and sound recording contained in such User Content and have the power to grant 
the license granted below. Keypoint Forensics reserves the right, but is not 
obligated, to reject and/or remove any User Content that Keypoint Forensics 
believes, in its sole discretion, violates these provisions. You understand 
that publishing your User Content on the Service is not a substitute for 
registering it with the U.S. Copyright Office, the Writer’s Guild of America, 
or any other rights organization.

For the purposes of this Agreement, "Intellectual Property Rights" means all 
patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of 
publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade 
secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or 
hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and 
registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, 
country, territory or other jurisdiction.

In connection with your User Content, you affirm, represent and warrant the 
following:

A. You have the written consent of each and every identifiable natural person 
in the User Content to use such person’s name or likeness in the manner 
contemplated by the Service and this Agreement, and each such person has 
released you from any liability that may arise in relation to such use.

B. Your User Content and Keypoint Forensics’s use thereof as contemplated by 
this Agreement and the Service will not violate any law or infringe any rights 
of any third party, including but not limited to any Intellectual Property 
Rights and privacy rights.

C. Keypoint Forensics may exercise the rights to your User Content granted 
under this Agreement without liability for payment of any guild fees, 
residuals, payments, fees, or royalties payable under any collective bargaining 
agreement or otherwise.

D. To the best of your knowledge, all your User Content and other information 
that you provide to us is truthful and accurate.

Keypoint Forensics takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any 
User Content that you or any other User or third party posts or sends over the 
Service. You shall be solely responsible for your User Content and the 
consequences of posting or publishing it, and you agree that we are only acting 
as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User 
Content. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that 
is inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited 
to your purpose, and you agree that Keypoint Forensics shall not be liable for 
any damages you allege to incur as a result of User Content.

3. User Content License Grant

Anything you post, upload, share, store, or otherwise provide through the 
Service is your User Content. Some User Content is viewable or accessible by 
other users. In order to display your User Content on the Service, and to allow 
other users to enjoy it (where applicable), you grant us certain rights in such 
User Content.

For all User Content, you hereby grant Keypoint Forensics a license to 
translate, modify (for technical purposes, for example making sure your content 
is viewable on an iPhone as well as a computer) and reproduce and otherwise act 
with respect to such User Content, in each case to enable us to operate the 
Service, as described in more detail below. This is a license only – your 
ownership in User Content is not affected.

If you store User Content in your own personal Keypoint Forensics account, in a 
manner that is not viewable or accessible by any other user except you, or use 
aspects of the Service, such as Keypoint Forensics’s APIs, that require 
Keypoint Forensics to access and search your databases of content for specific 
images (collectively, "Personal User Content"), you grant Keypoint Forensics 
the license above, as well as a license to access, display, perform, and 
distribute your Personal User Content for the sole purpose of providing you the 
Service and making that Personal User Content accessible to you.

If you share User Content in a manner that only certain specified users can 
view (for example, a private message to one or more other users)(a "Limited 
Audience User Content"), then you grant Keypoint Forensics the licenses above, 
as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Limited Audience 
User Content for the sole purpose of making that Limited Audience User Content 
accessible to such other specified users, and providing the Service necessary 
to do so. Also, you grant such other specified users a license to access that 
Limited Audience User Content, and to use and exercise all rights in it, as 
permitted by the functionality of the Service.

If you share User Content publicly on the Service and/or in a manner that more 
than just you or certain specified users can view, or if you provide us (in a 
direct email or otherwise) with any feedback, models, suggestions, 
improvements, enhancements, and/or feature requests relating to the Service 
(each of the foregoing, "Public User Content"), then you grant Keypoint 
Forensics the licenses above, as well as a license to display, perform, and 
distribute your Public User Content for the purpose of making that Public User 
Content accessible to all Keypoint Forensics users and providing the Service 
necessary to do so, as well as all other rights necessary to use and exercise 
all rights in that Public User Content in connection with the Service and/or 
otherwise in connection with Keypoint Forensics’s business for any purpose. 
Also, you grant all other users of the Service a license to access that Public 
User Content, and to use and exercise all rights in it, as permitted by the 
functionality of the Service.

You agree that the licenses you grant are royalty-free, perpetual, 
sublicensable, irrevocable, and worldwide, provided that when you delete your 
Keypoint Forensics account, we will stop displaying your User Content (other 
than Public User Content, which may remain fully available) to other users (if 
applicable), but you understand and agree that it may not be possible to 
completely delete that content from Keypoint Forensics’s records, and that your 
User Content may remain viewable elsewhere to the extent that they were copied 
or stored by other users.

Finally, you understand and agree that Keypoint Forensics, in performing the 
required technical steps to provide the Service to our users (including you), 
may need to make changes to your User Content to conform and adapt those User 
Content to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, 
services, or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so.

4. Our Proprietary Rights

Except for your User Content, the Service and all materials therein or 
transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, 
graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, 
photographs, audio, videos, music, and User Content belonging to other Users 
(the "Keypoint Forensics Content"), and all Intellectual Property Rights 
related thereto, are the exclusive property of Keypoint Forensics and its 
licensors (including other Users who post User Content to the Service). Except 
as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to 
create a license in or under any such Intellectual Property Rights, and you 
agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, 
transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create 
derivative works from any Keypoint Forensics Content. Use of the Keypoint 
Forensics Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is 
strictly prohibited.

You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the 
Service, including without limitation about how to improve the Service or our 
products ("Ideas"). By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure is 
gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place Keypoint 
Forensics under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use 
the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the 
Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further 
acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, Keypoint Forensics does not 
waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Keypoint 
Forensics, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than 
you.

5. Keypoint Forensics Property

Certain aspects of the Service may allow you to obtain certain reputational or 
status indicators ("Keypoint Forensics Property"). You understand and agree 
that regardless of terminology used, Keypoint Forensics Property represents a 
limited license right governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and 
available for distribution at Keypoint Forensics’s sole discretion. Keypoint 
Forensics Property is not redeemable for any sum of money or monetary value 
from Keypoint Forensics at any time. You acknowledge that you do not own the 
account you use to access the Service, nor do you possess any rights of access 
or rights to data stored by or on behalf of Keypoint Forensics on Keypoint 
Forensics servers, including without limitation any data representing or 
embodying any or all of your Keypoint Forensics Property. You agree that 
Keypoint Forensics has the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify 
and/or eliminate Keypoint Forensics Property as it sees fit in its sole 
discretion, in any general or specific case, and that Keypoint Forensics will 
have no liability to you based on its exercise of such right. All data on 
Keypoint Forensics’s servers are subject to deletion, alteration or transfer. 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY VALUE ATTRIBUTED TO SUCH DATA BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, 
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DATA, ACCOUNT HISTORY AND ACCOUNT CONTENT 
RESIDING ON COMPANY’S SERVERS, MAY BE DELETED, ALTERED, MOVED OR TRANSFERRED AT 
ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON IN COMPANY’S SOLE DISCRETION, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE 
AND WITH NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND. COMPANY DOES NOT PROVIDE OR GUARANTEE, AND 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, ANY VALUE, CASH OR OTHERWISE, ATTRIBUTED TO ANY DATA 
RESIDING ON COMPANY’S SERVERS.

6. Paid Services

A. Billing Policies

Certain aspects of the Service may be provided for a fee or other charge. If 
you elect to use paid aspects of the Service, you agree to the pricing and 
payment terms, as we may update them from time to time. Keypoint Forensics may 
add new services for additional fees and charges, or amend fees and charges for 
existing services, at any time in its sole discretion. Any change to our 
pricing or payment terms shall become effective in the billing cycle following 
notice of such change to you as provided in this Agreement.

B. No Refunds

You may cancel your Keypoint Forensics account at any time; however, there are 
no refunds for cancellation. In the event that Keypoint Forensics suspends or 
terminates your account or this Agreement, you understand and agree that you 
shall receive no refund or exchange for any Keypoint Forensics Property, any 
unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion 
of the Service, any content or data associated with your account, or for 
anything else.

C. Payment Information; Taxes

All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or transaction 
or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service must be accurate, 
complete, and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your 
credit card, debit card, or other payment method used in connection with a 
purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the 
Service at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You will pay 
any applicable taxes, if any, relating to any such purchases, transactions or 
other monetary transaction interactions.

7. Privacy

We care about the privacy of our Users. You understand that by using the 
Services you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally 
identifiable information and aggregate data as set forth in our Privacy Policy, 
and to have your personally identifiable information collected, used, 
transferred to and processed in the United States.

8. Security

Keypoint Forensics cares about the integrity and security of your personal 
information. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will 
never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information 
for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal 
information at your own risk.

9. DMCA Notice

Since we respect artist and content owner rights, it is Keypoint Forensics’s 
policy to respond to alleged infringement notices that comply with the Digital 
Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA").

If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that 
constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible via the Service, please 
notify Keypoint Forensics’s copyright agent as set forth in the DMCA. For your 
complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following 
information in writing:

An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of 
the copyright owner;
Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it is 
located on the Service;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Keypoint Forensics to contact you, 
such as your address, telephone number, and, email address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the 
manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or 
law; and
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is 
accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on 
behalf of the owner.
The above information must be submitted to the following DMCA Agent:

Attn: DMCA Notice
Keypoint Forensics LLC
Address: 505 N Main St #1440
Naugatuck, CT 06770
Email: keypointforensics@gmail.com

UNDER FEDERAL LAW, IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE MATERIAL IS 
INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY AND CIVIL 
PENALTIES, INCLUDING MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES.

Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Keypoint Forensics 
and its affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed. The 
preceding requirements are intended to comply with Keypoint Forensics’s rights 
and obligations under the DMCA, including 17 U.S.C. §512(c), but do not 
constitute legal advice. It may be advisable to contact an attorney regarding 
your rights and obligations under the DMCA and other applicable laws.

In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, Keypoint Forensics has 
adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances, Users who are 
deemed to be repeat infringers. Keypoint Forensics may also at its sole 
discretion limit access to the Service and/or terminate the accounts of any 
Users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not 
there is any repeat infringement.

10. Third-Party Links

The Service may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, 
special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled 
by Keypoint Forensics. Keypoint Forensics does not endorse or assume any 
responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials, 
products, or services. If you access a third party website from the Service, 
you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and Keypoint 
Forensics’s Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such sites. You 
expressly relieve Keypoint Forensics from any and all liability arising from 
your use of any third-party website, service, or content. Additionally, your 
dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on the 
Service, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as 
warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that 
Keypoint Forensics shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort 
relating to your dealings with such advertisers.

11. Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Keypoint Forensics and its 
subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and 
their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against 
any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, 
and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) 
your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content 
transmitted or received by you; (ii) your violation of any term of this 
Agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the 
representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any third-party 
right, including without limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual 
Property Rights; (iv) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation; 
(v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any of your User Content or 
any that is submitted via your account; or (vi) any other party’s access and 
use of the Service with your unique username, password or other appropriate 
security code.

12. No Warranty

THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. USE OF THE 
SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, 
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE 
FOREGOING, COMPANY, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT 
WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT; THAT THE SERVICE 
WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY 
PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR 
ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SERVICE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER 
HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE 
USE OF THE SERVICE IS DOWNLOADED AT YOUR OWN RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY 
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE OR LOSS OF 
DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH DOWNLOAD OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE.

COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY 
PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE COMPANY 
SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE, AND COMPANY WILL NOT BE A PARTY 
TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS 
OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

FEDERAL LAW, SOME STATES, PROVINCES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW 
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF CERTAIN IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE 
LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

13. Limitation of Liability

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY, 
ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY 
DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, 
USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY 
TO USE, THIS SERVICE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL COMPANY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR 
ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING OR OTHER 
UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE OR YOUR ACCOUNT OR THE INFORMATION 
CONTAINED THEREIN.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY ASSUMES NO LIABILITY 
OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT; 
(II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING 
FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVICE; (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR 
USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED 
THEREIN; (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE 
SERVICE; (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE 
TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICE BY ANY THIRD PARTY; (VI) ANY ERRORS OR 
OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE 
USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE 
THROUGH THE SERVICE; AND/OR (VII) USER CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR 
ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, 
AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY 
CLAIMS, PROCEEDINGS, LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, DAMAGES, LOSSES OR COSTS IN AN 
AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO COMPANY HEREUNDER OR $100.00, WHICHEVER 
IS GREATER.

THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS 
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN 
IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE FOREGOING 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN 
THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.

SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO 
YOU. THIS AGREEMENT GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE 
OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. THE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, AND 
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT 
PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

The Service is controlled and operated from facilities in the United States. 
Keypoint Forensics makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or 
available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Service from 
other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible 
for compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and 
regulations, including but not limited to export and import regulations. You 
may not use the Service if you are a resident of a country embargoed by the 
United States, or are a foreign person or entity blocked or denied by the 
United States government. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials 
found on the Service are solely directed to individuals, companies, or other 
entities located in the United States.

14. Governing Law, Arbitration, and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver

A. Governing Law

You agree that: (i) the Service shall be deemed solely based in New York; and 
(ii) the Service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to 
personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general, in jurisdictions 
other than New York. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal 
substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of 
laws principles. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a 
transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentences with respect to the substantive law, any arbitration conducted 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal 
Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16). The application of the United Nations 
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly 
excluded. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and 
state courts located in New York City, New York USA for any actions for which 
we retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of 
competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, 
misappropriation or violation of a our copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, 
patents, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, as set forth in 
the Arbitration provision below, including any provisional relief required to 
prevent irreparable harm. You agree that New York City, New York USA is the 
proper forum for any appeals of an arbitration award or for trial court 
proceedings in the event that the arbitration provision below is found to be 
unenforceable.

B. Arbitration

READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES THE PARTIES TO ARBITRATE THEIR 
DISPUTES AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM COMPANY. For 
any dispute with Keypoint Forensics, you agree to first contact us at 
keypointforensics@gmail.com and attempt to resolve the dispute with us 
informally. Nothing in this Section shall be deemed as preventing Keypoint 
Forensics from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts as 
necessary to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, 
or violation of our data security, Intellectual Property Rights or other 
proprietary rights.

C. Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver

WITH RESPECT TO ALL PERSONS AND ENTITIES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THEY HAVE 
OBTAINED OR USED THE SERVICE FOR PERSONAL, COMMERCIAL OR OTHER PURPOSES, ALL 
CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES’ INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A 
PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, 
PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. THIS WAIVER 
APPLIES TO CLASS ARBITRATION, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR 
MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS. YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING 
INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND COMPANY ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY 
JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY 
GENERAL ACTION, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND.

15. General

A. Assignment

This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be 
transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Keypoint Forensics 
without restriction. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof 
shall be null and void.

B. Notification Procedures and Changes to the Agreement

Keypoint Forensics may provide notifications, whether such notifications are 
required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you 
via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such 
notice on our website, as determined by Keypoint Forensics in our sole 
discretion. Keypoint Forensics reserves the right to determine the form and 
means of providing notifications to our Users, provided that you may opt out of 
certain means of notification as described in this Agreement. Keypoint 
Forensics is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network 
provider may apply to email notifications we send to the email address you 
provide us. Keypoint Forensics may, in its sole discretion, modify or update 
this Agreement from time to time, and so you should review this page 
periodically. When we change the Agreement in a material manner, we will update 
the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page. Your continued use of the 
Service after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of 
Use. If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms of Use, do 
not use or access (or continue to access) the Service.

C. Entire Agreement/Severability

This Agreement, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you 
may enter into with Keypoint Forensics in connection with the Service, shall 
constitute the entire agreement between you and Keypoint Forensics concerning 
the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the 
validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in 
full force and effect, except that in the event of unenforceability of the 
universal Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver, the entire arbitration agreement 
shall be unenforceable.

D. No Waiver

No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing 
waiver of such term or any other term, and Keypoint Forensics’s failure to 
assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a 
waiver of such right or provision.

E. Contact

Please contact us keypointforensics@gmail.com with any questions regarding this 
Agreement.

This Agreement was last modified on August 3, 2017.